hello what's going on guys
welcome back for another show
today i'm going to introduce you a
sci-fi suspense film the elizabeth
harvest
in a car running around a remote rugged
mountain the new bride elizabeth is
taken home by her husband henry on their
wedding day
the house is situated on the hillside
palacial but separated and staffed only
by two servants claire and oliver there
finally comes the nightfall when the new
couple is anxious to let go off their
full loaded hormone
the next day elizabeth is shown around
the villa
she finds everything so wild luxury and
gorgeous but except one forbidden room
in the basement that she's not allowed
to enter
elizabeth has to promise to henry even
though she can access any room with her
fingerprint
henry seems too busy out with his
business to accompany his new wife
while elizabeth is always kept alone
idling most of her boring time by
entertaining herself with clothes and
jewelry
and a night after the two servants leave
the villa
driven by her curiosity the still awake
elizabeth makes her way to the forbidden
room
where she explores the frozen cabins and
discovers accidentally clones of herself
she's scared away trying to call the
police for help
but only finds there is no phone
reception in the house
the next morning henry returns home
elizabeth tries hard to control her
anxiety but unfortunately henry smells
something strange and quickly discovers
her deceit
so later that night after a goodbye sex
to his new wife
henry plans to end her life
with a butcher knife in hand he chases
and hunts the begging elizabeth all
around the house
with nowhere to hide and escape
elizabeth finally got killed by the
husband
the following day henry buries the dead
body with help from the two servants who
seem to take nothing serious towards the
death
six weeks later in a car running around
the same mountain a new elizabeth has
taken home the same wedding ceremony
everything happens to the same scenarios
designed carefully by henry
the same house tour
and the same wonderful bedtime for
hormone let go
without any surprise the new elizabeth
goes through the same experiences
she then gets bored and explores the
forbidden room out of her curiosity
she's then screaming out away from that
hell waking up a new clone body
hibernating inside
as usually planned it's the right time
for henry to enjoy his new game hunting
for the elizabeth who's discovered the
secret
but this time henry turns to get killed
instead by the girl pretending feign out
later realizing she can't open the front
door even with henry's fingerprint
elizabeth tries to cover the incident
she clears the floor blood and hides up
the body
but it's spotted out soon by the two
servants
claire is then getting a heart attack
and rushed to the hospital while oliver
offers to help elizabeth burn the body
and then tells elizabeth the shocking
truth that she's the fifth clone who has
just wakened up to replace the dead
forth oliver who's totally blind will
lay her tricks to imprison elizabeth up
and orders her to read claire's journal
for him
the journal reveals that the original
elizabeth was henry's wife
but she died of a rare medical condition
so henry as a famous scientist in the
genetic field created clones of her
the initial two attempts were
unsuccessful so the letter for clones
were kept in the frozen cabin waiting
for more mature research
claire was hired five years ago to help
with the research on the cure
she spent two years
and found a cure for the medical
condition with genetic coding
while henry implanted the third clone
with memories recorded previously
the third clone turned out to be in good
condition at the beginning but later she
suffered from an issue of memory dying
away
three weeks later the third clone was
claimed dead by henry for the reason
that she suffocated herself during her
deep sleep
claire doubted it a little bit but she
chose to believe henry and buried the
third clone
claire helped henry get through the
failure and they even became lovers to
each other
by taking chance of the dinning time
elizabeth knocks off the blind oliver
ties him up and forces him to give her
the code for the front door
she then rushes to test the code but
finds she's been cheated
she returns angrily for the blind oliver
who is in the basement taking medical
care on a sixth clone
by the time elizabeth loses her
attention she's been taken down again
and get chained up
the blind oliver is eager to know any
details concerning him in claire's
journal
in return the man tell her more
formation
that claire had already found an
effective way to deal with memory
fainting issue
but henry in fact killed the clones on
purpose
and even blinded oliver for the reason
that oliver challenged him for his
immoral treatment on the club
with more explores on the journal
elizabeth realizes that oliver is
actually a clone of henry himself but
she keeps the truth from the poor man
only tells him he's henry's son
she then manages to get the front door
code from oliver but right before her
escape for life she was confronted by
the sixth phone holding a gun who seemed
so confused and unaware of what had been
going on
during the confrontation the new clone
shoots and kills oliver by accident and
badly injures the elizabeth five who
struggles to make her way out of the
house trying to seek her freedom
ironically she's then shot down by the
coming sixth
before she dies she manages to give the
last words to the sixth begging the
sixth read the journal herself for the
shocking truth
on the next day with breakfast set on
the table elizabeth 6 then begins to
read claire's journal which tells
further details that claire gets to know
actually henry becomes to entertain
himself by killing his clone wife on
purpose
only in that way he can experience the
endless wonderful wedding sex with his
new clone wife
the story ends with claire returning to
the house where the clone elizabeth
gives the journal back to claire and
sets out on her own for a new and free
life
this is daniel cc movie review
bye
[Music]